This directory contains data used by wallet's test suite.  To enable tests
that require GSS-API authentication and a working end-to-end Kerberos
environment, create the K5 keytab that will be used for both the server
and the client and put it in this directory as test.keytab.  Then, create
a file named test.principal and in it put the principal name corresponding
to the key in the keytab on a single line ending with a newline.

The presence of these two files will enable the tests that actually do
GSS-API authentication.

If your krb5.conf file is not in /etc or /usr/local/etc, put a copy of
your krb5.conf file in this directory.  The tests need to generate a
modified copy in order to test some behavior.

To enable tests of password prompting, create a file named test.password
that contains two lines.  The first line should be a test principal and
the second line should be the password for that principal.  The newline is
not taken to be part of the password.

To enable tests of kasetkey (assuming that you've configured wallet with
--with-afs), create a K4 srvtab with ADMIN access to an AFS kaserver and
put it in test.srvtab.  Then, put the fully-qualified K4 principal name
corresponding to that keytab in test.admin.  The realm used for AFS
kaserver testing will be derived from the realm of that principal name.

If you are building in a different directory tree than the source tree,
don't put the files in this directory.  Instead, after running configure,
you will have an empty tests/data directory in your build tree.  Put the
test.keytab, test.principal, and krb5.conf (if necessary) files in that
directory instead.

Note that to successfully run much of the test suite, you will need to have
remctld installed on the system running the tests.
